# CodeBook
## Decribes the tidy data set and its variables created by the **run_analysis.R** script

**README.md describes in detail the steps follwed to create the Tidy Data Set**

# Variables Names

Variable | Description
-------- | -------------
Subject | ID (1-30) of the subject who performed the measured activity
Activity | LAYING,SITTING,STANDING,WALKING,WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS,WALKING_UPSTAIRS
tBodyAcc-mean()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAcc-std()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAcc-std()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAcc-std()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tGravityAcc-mean()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tGravityAcc-std()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tGravityAcc-std()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tGravityAcc-std()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyro-mean()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyro-std()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyro-std()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyro-std()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAccMag-mean() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAccMag-std() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tGravityAccMag-mean() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tGravityAccMag-std() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyAccJerkMag-std() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyroMag-mean() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyroMag-std() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAcc-mean()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAcc-std()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAcc-std()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAcc-std()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyGyro-mean()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyGyro-std()-X | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyGyro-std()-Y | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyGyro-std()-Z | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAccMag-mean() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyAccMag-std() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | Descriprion in **features_info.txt** file provided by the original Data Set file list
 
# Tidy Data Set Structure **finalResult**

Variable | Description
-------- | -------------


